Jax Example (#906)
adap/flower: doc/source/example-jax-from-centralized-to-federated.rst

#. :code:`fit`
    * update the parameters of the local model with the parameters received from the server
    * train the model on the local training set
    * get the updated local model weights and return them to the server
#. :code:`evaluate`
    * update the parameters of the local model with the parameters received from the server
    * evaluate the updated model on the local test set
    * return the local loss and accuracy to the server

The challenging part is to transform the JAX parameters from :code:`DeviceArray` to :code:`NumPy Arrays` to make it readable for Flower. 

The two :code:`NumPyClient` methods :code:`fit` and :code:`evaluate` make use of the functions :code:`train()` and :code:`evaluate()` previously defined in :code:`jax_trainingt.py`.
So what we really do here is we tell Flower through our :code:`NumPyClient` subclass which of our already defined functions to call for training and evaluation.
We included type annotations to give you a better understanding of the data types that get passed around.

.. code-block:: python

>     class MNISTClient(fl.client.NumPyClient):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    class FlowerClient(fl.client.NumPyClient):
```

        """Flower client implementing MNIST classification using MXNet."""

        def __init__(
            self,
            params: Dict,
            grad_fn: Callable,
            train_x: List[np.ndarray],
            train_y: List[np.ndarray],
            test_x: List[np.ndarray],
            test_y: List[np.ndarray],
        ) -> None:
            self.params= params
            self.grad_fn = grad_fn
            self.train_x = train_x
            self. train_y = train_y
            self.test_x = test_x
            self.test_y = test_y

        def get_parameters(self) -> Dict:
            # Return model parameters as a list of NumPy ndarrays,
            parameter_value = []
            for _, val in self.params.items():
                parameter_value.append(np.array(val))
            return parameter_value
        
        def set_parameters(self, parameters: List[np.ndarray]) -> Dict:

>             # Collect model parameters and set new weight values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # Collect model parameters and update the parameters of the local model
```

        
        def fit(
            self, parameters: List[np.ndarray], config: Dict
        ) -> Tuple[List[np.ndarray], int, Dict]:
            # Set model parameters, train model, return updated model parameters
            print("Start local training")
            self.params = self.set_parameters(parameters)
            self.params, loss, num_examples = jax_training.train(self.params, self.grad_fn, self.train_x, self.train_y)
            results = {"loss": float(loss)}
            print("Training results", results)
            return self.get_parameters(), num_examples, results

        def evaluate(
            self, parameters: List[np.ndarray], config: Dict
        ) -> Tuple[float, int, Dict]:
            # Set model parameters, evaluate model on local test dataset, return result
            print("Start evaluation")
            self.params = self.set_parameters(parameters)
            loss, num_examples = jax_training.evaluation(self.params,self.grad_fn, self.test_x, self.test_y)
            print("Evaluation accuracy & loss", loss)
            return (
                float(loss),
                num_examples,
                {"loss": float(loss)},
            )

> Having defined data loading, model architecture, training, and evaluation we can put everything together and train our :code:`Linear Regression` model.

Reviewer: Isn't this the same sentence as above? Should we mention that it's now federated?

.. code-block:: python

    def main() -> None:
        """Load data, start MNISTClient."""

        # Load data
        train_x, train_y, test_x, test_y = jax_training.load_data()
        grad_fn = jax.grad(jax_training.loss_fn)

        # Load model (from centralized training) and initialize parameters
        model_shape = train_x.shape[1:]
        params = jax_training.load_model(model_shape)

        # Start Flower client

>         client = MNISTClient(params, grad_fn, train_x, train_y, test_x, test_y)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        client = FlowerClient(params, grad_fn, train_x, train_y, test_x, test_y)
```

        fl.client.start_numpy_client("0.0.0.0:8080", client)

    if __name__ == "__main__":
        main()

And that's it. You can now open two additional terminal windows and run

.. code-block:: python

    python3 client.py

> in each window (make sure that the server is still running before you do so) and see your MXNet project run federated learning across two clients. Congratulations!

Reviewer: MXNet?

Next Steps
----------

The full source code for this example: `Jax: From Centralized To Federated (Code) <https://github.com/adap/flower/blob/main/examples/jax_from_centralized_to_federated>`_.

> Our example is of course somewhat over-simplified because both clients load very simple linear regression and the corresponding datset. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our example is of course somewhat over-simplified because both clients load the same dataset. 
```

> You're now prepared to explore this topic further. How about using a CNN or using a different dataset? How about adding more clients?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You're now prepared to explore this topic further. How about using a more sophisticated model or using a different dataset? How about adding more clients?
```
